mathematics thematic axis in numbers and
proportionality
We'll see how to break down a number into
powers of 10
The first thing we must remember is that
is a power of 10 a power of 10
is a number of the form 10 raised an
which corresponds to the number 10 multiple and
I do it myself n times by definition
10 raised to 0 is worth 1 10 to 1 is equal
to 10 10 raised to 12 10 by 10 or 100
10 raised to 13 10 x 10 x 10 be thousand 10
raised 4 is 10,000 19 25 is 100,000
etc
now to decompose a number into
power of 10 then means
write it as a sum of powers of
10 for this we must first
decompose it in the following way
we must separate it as a sum the
tens of thousands plus the 1000 units
plus the hundreds plus the tens plus the
units
for example 13,456 equals 10,000
plus 3 thousand 450 plus 6 is the first step
to decompose into powers
once we have done that
decomposition we have to write each
one of those numbers multiples of one
power of 10
for example 10,000 is one per 10,000
the 3000 is 3 per thousand 400 64 percent
55 by 10 and 66 by 1
once done this second
decomposition then we have to
write each multiple of 10 as
powers of days then one by
10,000 let's write the 10,000 as
10 high 4
three times a thousand is 3 times 10 raised to 3
4% is 4 times 10 raised to 2
5 times 10 5 times 10 and 6 times 16 times a day is
raised to 0 there the number is already
decomposed as a sum of powers
from 10
let's make an example of xcom let's put the
2300 12 thousand 301 equals 2300
+ 1
that is to say that is two per thousand
+ 3%
more one by one
we write as a power of 10 2 for the
thousands 10 was raised to 3 + 3 by the 100
is 10 raised to 2 plus 1 to 1 is 10
raised to 0
there are three compound the number as
power of 10